(Make sure to check out the infographics for page controls)

Track Selection:
	Tracks can be selected in any mode using different means.  When a track is selected, it becomes armed and the sends and macros for it are illuminated on the Quneo.  The rombus above the vertical sliders changes which set of three sends are visible.  There are three pages for a total of nine possible sends.  The arrows beside the horizontal arrows choose which macro they control.  Each row of arrows is independent and gets memorized by the plugin so you can switch between instruments and keep your settings.  The macro faders always control the macros of the first device available in a device chain.  Macros are those eight knobs you may have found on the left side of every device in Bitwig.

Clip Mode:
	Clip Mode is used primarily for orchestrating instruments to play certain clips.  By default, selecting a clip will loop it indefinitely, but you can also choose to play a loop once, or stop any clip which is already playing.  If you select an empty space, a new clip will be created and recording for it will start at the next measure.  Each track has it’s own sliding clip bank which can be moved with the vertical arrows at the bottom left of the Quneo.  The reason for this is so the last four clips for each track should always be available to play, regardless of how they align scene wise.  This can get confusing to look at, but you’ll get the hang of it.  You can also delete clips or edit them in various ways (release later).

Drum Mode:
	Drum Mode is mostly straight forward.  Most of the pads are for playing notes.  If you slide your finger around a pad, it does a drum roll.  This can be disabled in the settings page.  In the top left of a drum pad are eight LED’s which show the VU meter (volume out) for each of the eight tracks shown also in Clip Mode.  You can select any track by pressing it’s LED.  In the top right is a solo button.  It’s pretty great.  While in drum mode you can also start recordings (check the infographic), or, if you dislike a recording you’ve started, retry.  Both of these functionalities use the same button.  When you’ve completed a recording, press the Mode Change button to signify you’re done.  IF YOU WANT TO BE PRO, you can select a track while recording the current one, and when you finish the recording it will immediately start up another one for that track, rather than switching to Clip Mode.  You can also choose the octave for each instrument and the plugin will memorize it.  It’s best to choose the octaves before pressing play.

Conducter Mode:
	Conducter Mode is sort of the FX and groove hub.  From here you can change the tempo, swing, and accent.  Quantize.  Use the bottom eight pads to mod the first three macros of the eight selected tracks.  Switch to Fx tracks quickly.  start and stop tracks.  control the volume for all eight.